Welcome Back to Movies Recapped,
Today I am going to explain The Australian
Science fiction Thriller film,I am Mother.
The film which is going to be explained is
science fiction.
Where a girl's relationship to the robots
has been displayed.
It has been shown how robots see the world.
A technological robot appears at the start
of the film.
In the film, it's referred to as "Mother Robot."
She had placed an embryo in a glass jar.
And that mother robot used to take care of
it very much.
There was a time duration for it. After this
embryo had grown into a baby.
Then it is seen that time had completed.
And that baby was a lovely female baby.
She has been called daughter in this movie.
That mother robot was very happy from her.
She feeds her food and also talks.
And she used to tell the story of the surroundings.
She used to read the books for her telling
that human beings have eradicated.
They become the victim of an infection.
That girl was youngest but most brilliant.
Now this lovely little girl had grown up to
7 to 8 years old.
One day , she asks her mother, Mother! Who
were all human beings?
Where did they disappear? So her mother says
,
Mother says, My daughter! An infection ended
the life of all human beings as I told you.
While some human beings became the victims
of the war.
It means , humans used to fight with one another.
In this way, they were died. While some of
them fell ill,
Afterwards, all died. There is no one on the
Earth now.
Even it is barren because they destroyed all
the lands during the war.
That mother robot says to her daughter, The
outside air is also contaminated.
My daughter! This is the cause that I don't
allow you to go outside.
Mother daughter used to talk affectionately
with her daughter.
That daughter also used to respect her more
even though she was a little girl.
Otherwise, mother robot used to teach her
way of talking, eating and etiquette.
In the same way , as a perfect mother teaches
her children.
The daughter was also growing perfectly, having
good health and height.
She was also learning all ethics and code
of conduct.
She was also very brilliant. Mother robot
also used to take her class.
And she used to take her IQ test after a few
days.
How much is she learning? After this, daughter
asks that mother robot.
How was I born? If all human beings were died.
How did I survive alone? Then mother robot
reveals to her,
You did not survive! I myself have created
you!
I had your embryo through which I created
you while growing it.
A lovely daughter! She also demonstrates her
the other embryos.
She tells, they will also grow in this laboratory
exactly like you!
They will also stay here. In this way, time
continues to pass.
This conversation goes on between mother and
daughter.
And mother does not let her daughter sense
the outside World.
Then it is seen, that daughter has grown up
to 18 years old.
Daughter is reading something, lying down
there.
Then the light of that laboratory is gone.
The daughter takes it awkward because it never
happened before.
She checks , standing up. She notices that
a few wires of the lab system have been damaged.
And she glimpses a rat about which she had
no knowledge.
Because she never had a look of any species
of outside World.
In spite of this, she begins to fix the wires,
locking the rat in a place.
Because she had the knowledge to set the deformity
of the laboratory.
How does its power set activated. At that
time, mother robot was being charged.
So the daughter herself fixes all wires of
light. Due to this , it is restored.
Then she begins to watch that rat carefully.
Then mother robot arrives there. She says
to her, from where did this rat come?
From where have you caught this rat? Then
daughter reveals the whole story to her.
Mother robot says, Its arrival is not good
here!
And it burns it in furnace along with that
glass jar.
Daughter feels pain because of this..
She says, It was alive! Mother robot says,
everything is perished outside!
And humans are infected. What do you think
that animals had been saved from this infection?
The outside thing should not come inside.
And I did for you betterment! But the daughter
does not feel good on this.
She thinks that there is surely something
in outside World!
So the rat appeared here. When mother robot
is on charging at night.
Then the daughter wears her protective suit
and thinks,
That I will go to view the outside world.
Mother robot will not know about it.
As the daughter unlocks the door of her laboratory,
Then there is a lady before her. That lady
was not in good condition.
She was looking feeble. She requests the daughter,
Help me!
Daughter examines her , going near her.
Daughter also makes her wear the protective
suit. Meanwhile, mother robot is fully charged.
She asks the daughter when she notices the
opened door of laboratory.
She starts to call her. When the daughter
comes before her,
Then she asks, For which cause did you go
outside?
Why is this door open? So the daughter keeps
silent before her.
And she reveals nothing about that lady.
Mother robot says, I will send you outside
when the right time will come.
Never ever open this door now! Otherwise,
the outside infection will spread inside.
Now it is the time of your IQ test!
And she goes to take her test. As mother robot,
leaves, handing over her daughter a device,
Taking the chance of it, daughter comes to
the same place,
Where that wounded lady was present! She gives
her water to drink.
And the daughter says to this lady, You may
stay here!
I arrange medicine for you! Meantime, mother
robot reaches there.
She comes into rage, seeing both together
in the laboratory.
Going there, she catches that lady and begins
to pain her while injuring her.
Then daughter says to mother robot immediately,
Don't do as such!
You told that outside World is infected but
she is not!
She has weakened because of the starvation.
Serve her some vegetables and crops which
you are growing outside.
As you serve me water and food! She is also
a human like me.
We should help her. Mother robot says, Alright!
I will also cure her!
She may not be infected but I will do just
for you my daughter!
But that lady clears, No! I will not get treatment!
I am perfect and not infected.
Exactly, she had no mark on her body which
indicated that she is infected.
She was communicating consciously and her
mind was also working perfectly.
Being astonished, the daughter says to her
mother robot,
She is alright! Where are the symptoms of
infection?
What does this infection affect? Daughter
says,
As this lady has approached in our laboratory.
There may be human in the outside World.
And they may need our assistance! Then mother
robot says,
No!Those were humans who had anticipated that
this World is nearly to meet its end.
And the human beings themselves will not remain
alive in this World.
It is possible that she had hidden herself
somewhere.
And she may have arrived here. Mother robot
says to her daughter,
Go! And serve her food and ask her, Is there
any survivor outside?
What is the condition of the outside World?
Because you are also a human being like her.
And you can converse with each other friendly.
She is frightening from me! When daughter
reaches that lady,
She says , Go Away! You people have targeted
me! I am wounded.
Then daughter says, Come! I take you bullet
out of your body!
Kindly trust us! We will not harm you.
That lady agrees. Then she is operated in
which that bullet is taken out of her body.
That lady begins to talk with the daughter
after being recovered.
She tells her, You cannot rely on a robot!
Outside World's robots attacked us while cheating
and killed everyone.
We are only a few survivors. Beware! you are
living with a robot here,
You are not secure here for a long time. Accompany
me!
We will live outside and restore the condition
of the world.
She becomes sentimental. Daughter goes to
the mother robot while believing in that lady's
story.
Mother robot says, I have already heard your
conversation!
Then mother robot convinces her saying, You
have been living with me for many years,
And I have kept you with great affections.
I am like you mother. And you will go against
me for the sake of another lady.
Then daughter is compelled to agree with the
mother robot.
Then mother robot tells daughter that you
have scored well in the psychological test.
My daughter is smart! There is surprise for
you.
Then she takes her to the embryolab fertility
place.
There were embryos . She says, Select your
sibling!
Daughter is overjoyed when she hears it. She
was the only person on the planet.
Mother! she exclaims. I'm going to go with
the brother.
She selects a glass tube from the pile. At
night, when the mother robot is being charged,
Then various questions begin to rise again
in daughter's mind,
She begins to think herself, Why am I only
one here?
Why has mother robot kept safe all other embryos?
She goes to hidden lab where the whole data
was saved.
She knows many shocking facts , going there.
That three more babies had been created before
daughter by mother robot.
But they fail in IQ test taken by her.
Neither they get the good marks like the daughter.
So mother killed all three of them.
Being shocked, she begins to move ahead.
Then she sees a jaw of someone. Picking it
up, she knows that it was the real jaw of
a kid.
It means that mother robot had really ended
them.
And their parts of body were lying there.
Observing it, daughter is badly hurt.
She says, this mother robot fostered me so
she may use my brilliance.
She was also growing me up . Growing up, I
may be the partner of her in advancing technology.
Otherwise, human beings are valueless for
her.
As she turned against that lady. Thinking
it, she begins to weep.
She is saddened and moves to that lady.
Now that lady suggests her, We may flee!
But the daughter says, No!
My brother is going to come into this World
and I have to see him.
And I cannot go, leaving that little human
in the supervision of the robots.
Their whole conversation is heard by the mother
robot.
She says to the daughter, Oh! These are the
tricks of yours.
She locks the daughter into a room after capturing.
Afterwards she torments and wounds that lady
, catching her.
Daughter comes out of the room , damaging
the door in some way.
Then she moves to rescue that lady. But that
lady captures the daughter.
She threatens mother robot, I will kill the
daughter if you don't allow to leave from
here.
Here the mother robot is very scared.
Because she did not expect such action from
anyone.
And mother robot has to unlock the doors . Now
it is observed that,
Lady and daughter had gone outside World.
Everything had been destroyed. Smoke was rising.
There were ashes everywhere on the ground.
There was no meadow nor any specie of animals.
But there was the greenery and the field outside
the laboratory from whee they had come out.
Which were being taken care by the robots.
It means , these robots were just continuing
the growth of their surroundings.
So the lab created human may survive here.
As other embryos had to grow here. So they
were teaching them according to their strategy.
Now that lady and daughter reach a place while
walking.
It is not a mine but a little cabin where
that lady had stored some edible things.
Daughter asks her, What is this? You had told
that you live in a mine.
Where are the other people? That lady reveals
that I told a lie to you!
Yeah! We used to live in the mine and other
survivors were also there.
But they all met their end because of the
lack of the food.
It was me who survived there . So I shifted
here while eating some leftover food.
Daughter slaps that lady's face and asks,
Why did you tell a lie to me?
I have come here on your suggestion, leaving
my brother there.
So the daughter returns to that laboratory
back from there.
There were number of the security robots out
of that laboratory.
As the daughter appears there then they begin
to throw red laser light on her .
They were just detecting her. They let her
come after recognizing as she is daughter.
Going inside, daughter holds an axe.
Thinking it , mother robot may show her anger
on her and tries to kill.
So she may defend herself. There is mother
robot before her when she goes.
And there is a little baby in her lap. This
child was the brother of daughter.
Mother robot says to her , Look at your brother,
dropping the axe.
It means , mother robot's behavior was relaxed
here.
Observing it, daughter's fear is also reduced.
Mother robot says to the daughter, The time
has come that I reveal the truth to you!
Hold your brother! Listen! I am the leader
of all robots.
I run them. Actually, it was my plan to eradicate
the whole humanity of outside World.
Because human beings had lost their understanding
power.
They were battling as they had destroyed the
world.
The World may be devastated if it continued
for more years.
And we robots did not sustain. They were cutting
the trees,
Human beings are worst even they devastated
the nature.
But my purpose was this, nature should not
be harmed.
So I myself eliminated the whole humanity.
So our planet may remain safe. But I saved
some of the embryos before it.
I brought them in the laboratory with safety.
But she was searching for the chief of the
human beings before it.
Whose IQ must be highest. He should know what
is required to do.
How to spend the life. At last , I got you.
So I had planned that as you grow 18 years
old,
Then we will grow these remaining embryos
one by one.
You will be the chief of all human beings.
So I taught and trained you perfectly so you
may teach them as being mother.
You may tell them code of conduct and the
way of living.
You may train them in this laboratory. As
these all human beings grow up,
And they may develop. At that time, we have
fixed the outside World.
So a new generation may survive outside the
World again.
And they may take care of the world unlike
the previous generation.
Daughter asks, Why did you kill those three
kids?
Mother robot replies, I had to do it! When
I tested their IQ,
I did not consider it acceptable. That they
may teach other human beings something.
What was the benefit of my all planning.
But I did not take such a step after you.
Because I took your IQ acceptable that you
may teach the human beings.
I will not end any human being after you.
Because you will be the chief of them to teach.
The daughter says to mother robot, I don't
know what your plan was.
But no one is equal to you in cruelty. Who
took the lives of the human beings.
And you killed the number of the kids only
to check the IQ.
You deserve death! Mother robot says, Okay!
damage me.
But listen to me before it! A lady who arrived
here,
She came here on my order. I had asked her
to show the outside world to my daughter.
So she may generate in her mind that there
is outside World.
What is happening in actuality. And she took
you with her.
And I had to conduct your final test that
I had to give your brother.
Meanwhile, I had to check you, sending you
outside,
Either you have affections for humans or not!
I felt that affection in you what I could
not develop in me.
You returned back for your brother without
caring your life.
And you passed your test. It depends on you
either you damage me or not.
Because I had been brought into being only
for this purpose.
And my whole planning remained successful
today.
I taught you everything what have to to do
after choosing you as a chief.
Now these are all embryos. You will foster
them while growing them up.
I have no purpose to live here so you may
damage me.
Being sad, the daughter fires a gun on the
mother robot.
Because she was really purposeless now.
Then she goes to that laboratory where all
embryos had been placed.
She knew that she had to grow these embryos.
Afterwards, she will be the mother of all
of them.
Daughter begins to love her brother., She
says, watching to those embryos.
Yeah! I am mother. In the end, it is seen
that a robot comes to that lady.
It says to her, You performed a good job which
was assigned to you.
Your task is now accomplished. It then fires
a rifle at it.
Daughter was being a nice girl and caring
for all of the embryos in the lab as they
were being grown up.
As they get older, she may be able to introduce
them to the outside world.
And they may survive into a new creation.
And the movie completes on this scene.
Subscribe for watch more video, Turn on Notification,
Don’t Forget to Like Comment & Share. Thank
You for Watching and your time.